Using this code you will be able to turn on / off a LED via Bluetooth !

For this Arduino Project we will use the LED CONTROLLER from the application.

Let's begin explaining the code :

-In the setup function there is pinMode(6,OUTPUT);
 If you want to change the pin that controls the LED you just have to change the " 6 " from above with the pin you want to use , and also 
 you will need to change the " 6 " at case '1' and case '2'.
-In the loop function , if your Arduino device is able to receive any data though bluetooth it will try to read it and 
 then add it to the variable "data";
 
 NOTE1: data is a char , so if you use an application that will send more than one character such as "abcd" it will 
 read just the first one and try to do something !
 
 NOTE2: In the application provided ( Arduino Bluetooth Controller/Remote ) the data that you are sending is character , 
 so you are completly covered for what I said at NOTE1.

 In case '1' you will turn on the LED by setting the voltage to HIGH to your desired pin . In case you changed the pin from
 pinMode(6,OUTPUT) , you will need to write here " digitalWrite(pin_you_have_assigned,HIGH);
 
 In case '2' is almost the same thing like in case '1' but here you turn off the led by setting the voltage to low to your desired pin.

 If you want to change the inputs that you are sending to your device you have to do two steps :
 1. In the Arduino code in each case change the character between the ' ' , for example , in this code we have case '1' but you want to change it to case 'a' ;
 2. After you completed bulding your device as in the file Building_Instructions.jpg , turn on your Arduino device and  tap the scan for devices button in the app , 
    connect to your device , and choose LED CONTROLLER . Here tap on the Settings button and here you can add the commands for turning on/off your device , 
    like above , if you changed the first case to case 'a'(for turning on the LED) , in the application after you pressed the Settings button  add in the empty box a .
   
 